Services documentation (#206)
cyber-crypt-com/encryptonize-core: documentation/api/api-v2.md

| Name              | Type   | Description                           |
|-------------------|--------|---------------------------------------|

> | `plaintext`       | bytes  | The data that was encrypted        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `plaintext`       | bytes  | The data that was encrypted           |
```

| `object_id` | string | The object                            |
| `target`    | string | The target UID for permission change  |

## `authz.RemovePermissionResponse`
The structure returned by a `authz.RemovePermission` request. The structure is empty.

## `enc.EncryptRequest`

> The structure used as an argument for a `enc.Encrypt` request, it is identical to `storage.StoreRequest`. 

Reviewer: Not sure I like this phrasing. It could be misunderstood that those two structs can be used interchangeably, which I don't think protobuf will allow for. 
```suggestion
The structure used as an argument for a `enc.Encrypt` request. 
```

the ciphertext of the provided plaintext, and the associated data.
All of the parameters are important as they must be used to subsequently request the object in a
`enc.DecryptRequest`.

| Name               | Type   | Description                           |
|--------------------|--------|---------------------------------------|
| `ciphertext`       | bytes  | Ciphertext of the provided plaintext  |
| `associated_data`  | bytes  | The associated data for the plaintext |
| `object_id`        | string | The object identifier                 |

## `enc.DecryptRequest`

The structure used as an argument for a `enc.Decrypt` request, it is identical to `enc.EncryptResponse`.
It consists of the previously received ciphertext, Object ID and the provided associated data.
Requires the scope `READ`.

| Name               | Type   | Description                           |
|--------------------|--------|---------------------------------------|
| `ciphertext`       | bytes  | The data to be decrypted              |
| `associated_data`  | bytes  | The associated data for the ciphertext|
| `object_id`        | string | The object identifier                 |

## `enc.DecryptResponse`

> The structure returned by a `enc.Decrypt` request, it is identical to `enc.EncryptRequest`.

Reviewer: Same comment as above. Please describe the contents instead of referring to another struct.

Author: Agreed, described the contents

rpc Delete (DeleteRequest) returns (DeleteResponse)
```

## `enc.Encrypt`

> Takes a `enc.EncryptRequest` and encrypts its contents, storing the Object ID to restrict access,
> but returning the ciphertext.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Takes an `enc.EncryptRequest` and encrypts its contents returning the ciphertext **without** storing it.
```
